{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9180\viewh16940\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
NakedOS commands:\
=================\
\
They go like this:\
  JSR NKENTRY\
  ADC $DC41	; always DCxx (for Disk Command); xx is command # below\
  LDA #5		; immediate operand\
  LDA $46		; fetch operand from zero page\
  LDA $4065		; fetch operand from abs address\
  BIT $4000		; if lo byte zero, take hi byte verbatim ($40 in this case)\
  BIT $DF02		; if lo byte non-zero, take it ($02 in this case)\
  ...			; more commands if you like\
  CLD			; end of command list\
\
Commands so far:\
\
Raw disk read:\
  ADC $DC41\
  LDA track\
  LDA sector\
  LDA addrPage\
  LDA nPages\
\
Raw disk write:\
  ADC $DC42\
  LDA track\
  LDA sector\
  LDA addrPage\
  LDA nPages\
\
Read entire file:\
  ADC $DC01\
  LDA fileNum\
  LDA addrPage\
\
Write entire file:\
  ADC $DC02\
  LDA fileNum\
  LDA addrPage\
  LDA nPages\
  LDA compression [0=none, 1=data, 2=machine code]\
\
Delete file:\
  ADC $DC03\
  LDA fileNum\
\
Get file length in sectors: (zero if file doesn't exist)\
  ADC $DC08\
  LDA fileNum\
\
Init catalog:\
  ADC $DC0F\
\
Done with commands:\
  CLD\
\
Done with commands, but leave spinning for more:\
  SED\
\
NakedOS error codes:\
=================\
\
81 = Command error\
82 = Parameter error\
83 = I/O error\
84 = File not found\
85 = Disk full\
\
Memory layout decisions:\
- I fixed the stub so it preserves $300.33F. That way NakedOS only uses a few zero page locations and its area from $800.17FF, allowing little user routines to live anywhere else.\
- Factoring out comp/decom. It'll be in a separate little program, in a later version of NakedOS. That's because (a) it will delay initial release, and (b) not every program will want to use it.\
- Initial entry code is in sector 1 and lives at $D00.DFF. It is destroyed by any R/W operation.\
- Main code will be in sectors 2-9.7 and live at $E00.15CF. Always resident.\
- Catalog will be in sectors 9.7-11 and live at $15D0.17FF. Always resident.\
- In the directory, 0 is reserved. FF means free. FE is reserved for NakedOS on track zero. All other values are file numbers.\
\
Alloc modes:\
0 = regular scan (no alloc)\
40 = contig scan\
80 = regular alloc\
\
}